# Endless Cells

## Table of Contents

- [What](#what)
- [Why](#why)
- [Cells](#cells)
- [Global Settings](#global-settings)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)

_(TOC generated by [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb) using [markdown-toc](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/markdown-toc))_
## Warning
This is very early version and not everything will work as expected!

## What
"Endless Cells" is a Qlik Sense extension that generates html table and allow the content of each cell to be QS expression or plain text. Also each cell can be customized individually using css.  

## Why
It all started with [this](https://twitter.com/seebach/status/844492254144290816) Twitter status. And after this there was was a 'Hmmmmm' moment.

## Cells
Each cell have 5 options

* Label - plain text. It just indication
* Row - on which row the cell to be added
* Column - on which column the cell to be added
* Expression - if the text here starts with `=` it will be passed to QS engine for evaluation otherwise will be represented as plain text 
* Styles - css formated string which will reflect this call only

If the row/column is not present - it will be generated. For example - if there is no cells in the table and we specify `Row = 5 and Column = 6` then all the cells before this one will be generated and will be empty

## Global Settings
Few global options (so far)

* Table CSS - css that is applied on `<table>`
* TR CSS - css that is applied on each `<tr>`
* Empty Cell Content - default is space `&nbsp;`
* Col width - comma separated list with numbers defining the `width` % for the available columns width. The sum of numbers in this list should be equal to 100
* Fixed width - strip the content of the cells to maintain the colums width
* Wrap text when fixed - wrap the text of the content to maintain the width by increasing the cell height

## Screenshots
TBA

***

_This file was generated by [verb-generate-readme](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), v0.4.3, on March 24, 2017._

